## 太鼓の達人 Taiko no Tatsujin (Taiko Drum Master) Nintendo Switch Version
Taiko Drum Master Nintendo Switch Version is a ported game of the popular arcade title in Japan.
It was initially released on July 19, 2018 in Japan and is set to release in Europe and North America on November 2, 2018.
# 
Some important aspects of the game to be tested include: The many play styles of the game, the calibration, and the compatibility of the separate Drum controller produced by Hori.
The different play styles should be tested primarily since otherwise the game will not be playable. There are 4 play styles that the game supports. The first is the motion controls, the game utilizes the joycons as drumsticks and prompts the player to play on an imaginary drum. The player strikes downward to hit the drum and strikes at an angle to hit the rim. This is important to test the accuracy of because the player may most likely play using the joycon controls. When playing with the motion controls, the joycons are responsive for the most part however the problem lies with striking at certain angles, there is a specific angle the joycon must be moved in order to hit the rim of the drum. Alternatively, the developers did make the issue easily solved by holding onto the "L" or "R" button on the joycon to strie the rim. However the joycon itself can still be a bit sensitive in regards to movement. 
Another play style supported by the game is button controls. Don't like motion controls? The player can use the buttons to "strike the drum" however there is a specific layout as the default. The layout can be changed to fit the user's comfort. The testers must test to see if the buttons of a specific layout register properly and that there is no lag after pressing the button. This feature is crucial in rhythm games. If the timing is not well, the game will be viewed as bad.

The third play style is using the touch screen on the console. Of course, this feature can only be played in handheld mode. In handheld mode, a taiko drum is displayed on the screen, the player will touch the drum to strike it and touch outside it to strike the rim. The testers should test the touch screen's responsiveness to the game and ensure the control is correctly calibrated to the shape of the drum in order for the game to know which part of the drum has been hit.
The fourth play stye is using the taiko drum controller created by HORI. Not only should the controller be tested for functionality but also be tested on the software itself for compatability. HORI is a partner of Nintendo in which they create accessories and products for the Switch.
