# Game Testing Concepts Assignment Questions:

## After watching some the testing activities required to test Halo, name two skills that are important for a tester to have?
It would be plenty of importance that a tester is skillful at playing games. They would also need to have good observation skills. In the instance of a bug occuring, the tester would need to be able to note the instance which it occurred and be able to replicate it to check to see if the code works properly.
## What do you think is hardest about being a tester based watching the video?
One difficult task to take could be testing the same section of or the game as a whole repetitively for long periods of time. When something is fixed, they tester must not only test the other aspects of the game but also return to the same section to check if it was affected by the fix.
## What is something new you learned about being a tester? Or something you found interesting?
The portion which I am about to discuss isn't new for me, rather it is a feeling I understand very well. One of the testers mentioned how fixing somethingcould affect another part of the game and how frustrating it could be sometimes to check parts of a software and sometimes it could be positive and sometimes create more problems with the software. However it must be done in order to assure satisfaction among customers. I found very interesting that they divided the testers into groups that check certain features of the game. One would test the audio, another would test the gameplay and so on. I would hope there are also some people who are experts in the task of the assigned groups they have created. It's also a good idea to have those unfamiliar with the project to test the game as well as they did in the video, so others may have a chance to find a bug that was not caught by the original testers that were closely associated with the project.
